Add tests to account for tenant level APIs for all RPC rule for PUT operations (#632)
Azure/azure-openapi-validator: docs/repeated-path-info.md

- RPC-Put-V1-05

## Description

> The '{property name}' already appears in the URI, please don't repeat it in the request body. Information in the URI must not be repeated in the request body (i.e. subscription ID, resource group name, resource name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'{property name}' already appears in the URI, please remove it from the request body. Information in the URI must not be repeated in the request body (i.e. subscription ID, resource group name, resource name).
```
